update(design): Add Design for Durable Storage (#3228)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/durability/durability_introduction.md

## Durable Storage Architecture

The database engine powering EMQX's built-in durability facilities organizes data into a hierarchical structure. The following figure illustrates how the durable storage databases are distributed across an EMQX cluster:

![Diagram of EMQX durable storage sharding](./assets/emqx_ds_sharding.png)

### Database (DS)

> Each EMQX node hosts one or more Durable Storage databases.

Reviewer: "one or more" is incorrect, since the number of DBs hosted by node is fixed and it's more than one.

 For example:

- The **Sessions** database stores session metadata.
- The **Messages** database stores MQTT message data.

Each database operates independently and manages its own internal partitions.

> ### Shard

Reviewer: This part now largely duplicates `durabile-storage.md` document. I think both descriptions of the storage hierarchy should be merged in one place (I suggest "Design for Durable Storage"), and durability_introduction should just link to the design document when needed.

## Durable Storage Architecture

Durable Sessions rely on the Durable Storage for persisting session state and messages. To understand how this storage layer is structured and operates, refer to the *Architecture: Backends and Storage Hierarchy* section in [Design for Durable Storage](../design/durable-storage.md).

## How Durable Storage Supports Durable and Shared Subscription Sessions

Durable Storage is the backbone for durable sessions and shared subscription sessions in EMQX.

### Durable Sessions

> Durable Sessions are implemented on top of the DS database engine. When a client connects with a **non-zero session expiry interval**, EMQX stores the session state and the messages routed to that session in DS.

Reviewer: In this document it's necessary to emphasize the selling point of our design: we store messages exactly once per replica, no matter how many durable clients need the message. If 100000 clients subscribe to a topic `t`, we store only one copy of each message published to `t`. Current phrasing "messages routed to **that** session" may imply that we store 100000 copies of the message... That would be a bad design, we don't do that.

```suggestion
Durable Sessions are implemented on top of the DS database engine. When a client connects with a **non-zero session expiry interval**, EMQX stores the session state in DS.
```

- **Message persistence:**

>   When a durable session subscribes to a topic, matching messages are saved to the DS in addition to being delivered to online clients. This ensures that messages published while the client is offline are available when it reconnects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When a durable session subscribes to a topic filter with QoS > 0, this topic filter is marked as "durable" in the EMQX's routing table. Messages published to any topic marked this way are saved to the DS in addition to being delivered to regular clients.
```

Reviewer: Note: the dichotomy here is not online vs. offline clients, it's durable vs. regular clients. Durable clients always read messages from DS, even when online.
